[Music]
hello guys today i bring you a new
category and my channel it's basically
about funny moments league of legends or
penta kills or burn steals and I'm lucky
to say that in this video I'm playing as
driving as you can see I got a Penta and
quads are and apparent steel and here
we're going to see the Baron steel are
all change with no vision the guard and
this is the rarest steel alright and now
here we are back with with the pentax
lip and here we're gonna see the Penta
hill it's gonna happen right here
alright we go we go tries getting killed
here almost kill justanna but I took the
kill with my aunt then I moved on to
focus trash then I see kassadin in here
I gone through the bush I push him with
my I did not push him all the time okay
here's the strip away comes when God but
I see Catherine approaching I focus her
first flush away
then listen helped me do you get the
official pentakill hello guys i'm back
you with the quad rock like here you can
see my team one is going to start a team
fight i was taking the red buff and the
fight starts fresh take some damage by
lux listen stops carabiners alt alt in
in the middle of 5 with lux ultimate
here he goes just shut up you go hang
out but unfortunately the luckiest rush
escapes and this is it for